Great. Now i need the main and major three feature.

One is AI summarization and another is plan feature condition and third one is the card statuses.

Plan feature conditions:

Currently there are no plan conditions set. i and to set the request level limitation condition. for example
 on the plan have a option word limitations per request. now here is the limitation breakdown for each plan: Starter - 4000 words per request, Pro - 10000 words per request, Growth - unlimited words per request.
 now the user will created the card on request list and the webhook will send a response to the site. now suppose user abc purchase starter plan. and he try to send request withing 20,000 words. initially they create it on board because not possible to set this on board level. but when he submit and webhook send response our system will calculate the words and the user plan. after detect system found he purchase starter plan but try to send 20,000 word, the system will update the request card and set only first 4,000 word and remove all other text and send a warning notifications on Trello board if possible.


AI summarization feature:

user can put any of content. and the AI will summary the request what they want, what the purpose, where they will use, everything. 
there not fixed any content type. for example some user send request to write seo or website content for his website, some one send a request to write content for his story, some request for e book content, some for his digital content anything. so there is no fixed type for content available.

I have plan a sort structure from my mind but not that it's not professional or i am not sure it's worked for any type of content.:
Summarization Structure: 

I’d like the AI-generated DOCX files to have a clean, professional structure with headings, sections, and clear formatting. 

Each document should include: 

Title of content (Card title) 

Description of content 

Type of content (blog, LinkedIn, email marketing, e-book, etc.) 

Goal and Objective 

Target audience (Startup Founders, SaaS operators, entrepreneurs, etc.) 

Tone / Style (Professional, conversational, insightful, casual, storytelling, etc.) 

Length (number of words) 

CTA or recommendations, if applicable 

Any references, examples or supporting documents 

Any additional writing requirements 

The structure should adapt depending on the content type (LinkedIn posts, blog articles, newsletters, etc.). 

The AI should analyze the Trello task details and generate polished, client-ready content in DOCX format. 


The ai will summarize those webhook request or content which is writing on requesting list. before process the AI first check the plan word limitation condition, and if the request list same card updated and those card docs already made by AI then all docx should be contain and on admin dashboard will show every docx for the user and the card based format with an status update option. 

Status: 
For example user abc first send a request on request wirting list, the system will analysis the plan word limitation and then the ai summarization. suppose the AI summarized the content and create a docx file. after some time or few hours letter the user update the same card to current some information. the system again summarized the content, should not delete the old one. they both are should show on admin dashboard for the same cards with an indicator which is older and which is updated. and on the dashboard there will a status change button aviailbe for the card. instantly the status should be initialized. statuses are: initialized(default), in progress, draft, revision, complete and other or unknown. admin can able to change the status to make it progress, draft and complete. when admin change the status the card should be assign on related list on the board as well. suppose admin mark the card as in progress then the card should moved to In progress list via API automatically. same as when any user move the card to other list from directly Trello board the statuses should also update via webhook based on where they moved. now as the system structure there are predefine 5 list. if any one create any new list which is not registered on the system those card status should marked as other or unknown or better standard status.

Deeply analysis the feature, projects and functionalities. Note that the site owner is a content writer and any one can request any type of content. and the AI will help him to as like an assistant via docx file. use Laravel boost mcp to analysis the current project structure, codebase, database schema and after proper investigation create a production ready plan with proper testing.

for word limitaiton count card title will be not included. also the comment as well not included. only count the description content words.. and one more thing the welcome message not send? why? why first time create a board the a new list should be included with card for welcome messages as like my previous setups one. 

see @trello.postman.txt and on the also write a plan for Clude opus cli.